docs: revise README (#1455)
eclipse/thingweb.node-wot: README.md

Todo so, `cd` inside your application folder and install at least the mandatory core package:

```
npm i @node-wot/core
```

Usually, your application needs at least one protocol binding to commmunicate, e.g.,:

```
npm i @node-wot/binding-http
```

In case the application shall consume Thing Descriptions that are stored locally, you would also need the `file` binding:

```
npm i @node-wot/binding-file
```

You see other available bindings in the [packages folder](./packages), which you can install via `npm i @node-wot/<package-name>`.

### In the browser

To use node-wot as JavaScript library insde the Web browser, it needs to support ECMAScript 2015+. Using a browser with only ES5 support (e.g., IE 11) might be possible if you add polyfills.

If you want to use node-wot as a library in your browser application,`cd` inside your application folder and install the browser bundle:

```
npm i @node-wot/browser-bundle
```

You can find more (non-)installation options in the specific [package README](./packages/browser-bundle/README.md).

### As a CLI tool

> You can alternatively use node-wot via its command line interface (CLI). Please visit the [CLI tool README](./packages/cli/README.md) to find out more.

Reviewer: Let's merge this for now, with this change. 
```suggestion
You can alternatively use node-wot via its command line interface (CLI). Please visit the [CLI tool README](https://github.com/eclipse-thingweb/node-wot/tree/master/packages/cli) to find out more.
```
